Refactor contributing (#46)
HewlettPackard/c-spiffe: README.md

## Introduction

> [SPIFFE](https://spiffe.io/) stands for Seurity Identity Framewor for Evertyone and is a set for securely identifying system in dynamic and heteregeous environment. Please refer to https://spiffe.io/docs/latest/spiffe-about/overview/ for more information.  

Reviewer: too many typos

> C-spiffe is a extension for Spiffe that allows any [workload](https://spiffe.io/docs/latest/spiffe-about/spiffe-concepts/#workload) written C, C++ or even any language witch can import a .so library, access [Workload API](https://spiffe.io/docs/latest/spiffe-about/spiffe-concepts/#spiffe-workload-api) and establish a mTLS connection.  

Reviewer: written in* C, C++ or any language that supports loading a .so library, access the Workload API and establish mTLS connections with other workloads.

> The image above shows a a example, where a C/C++ Workload imports the c-spiffe library in order to fetch a [SVID](https://spiffe.io/docs/latest/spiffe-about/spiffe-concepts/#spiffe-verifiable-identity-document-svid) and use it to establish a mTLS connection with another Workload, that can be implemented using another language, following Spiffe specification.

Reviewer: which can be implemented in another language, provided it follows the SPIFFE standard.

![Alt text](img/cspiffe_example.png "C-spiffe usage example")

### Motivation

> Even though there is an official [c-spiffe](https://github.com/spiffe/c-spiffe) library, we started this one from scratch. We wanted a C implementation (not C++) for better compatibility, and also we based all the design decisions on [go-spiffe](https://github.com/spiffe/c-spiffe), which is the offical supported extension by the Spiffe Community.

Reviewer: and also based all...
official

## Examples
 
 Refer to [workload/src/Example.MD](workload/src/EXAMPLE.md) for in-depth examples.

## Project structure

### Folders
The project folder structure is described as follows:

* **bundle** Source code for bundle module
* **cmake** Configuration for cmake build
* **docker** Configuration files for container used to build 
* **img** Images files for documentations
* **infra** Container orchestration for tests environment
* **integration_test** Source code for automated test
* **internal** Souce code for internal module
* **protos** Source code for gRPC protos
* **spiffeid** Sour code for spiffeid module
* **spiffetls** Source code for spiffetls module
* **svid** Source code for SVID module
* **utils** Source code for utility functions
* **workload** Source code for workload

### Remarkable files

* [CMakeList.txt](CMakeLists.txt) Main build configuration file. Each source folder also has its own CMake file.
* [README.md](README.md) This README.
* [LICENSE](LICENSE) Project license

> * [BUILDING.md](BUILDING.md) Instructions how to build c-spiffe in your system

Reviewer: Instructions on how...

> * [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md) Guide how to contribute c-spiffe project

Reviewer: Guidelines for contributing to c-spiffe.

<!--TODO: List all folders with its contents -->

## Using C-Spiffe

### Installing

#### Install from source
Reffer to [BUILDING.md](BUILDING.md) 

#### Install on system

> We are planning to deliver installers for main Linux distro, but at this moment, only building from source is supported.

Reviewer: planning on delivering packages for the most popular Linux distros, ...

## Examples
 
 Refer to [workload/src/Example.MD](workload/src/EXAMPLE.md) for in-depth examples.

## Project structure

### Folders
The project folder structure is described as follows:

* **bundle** Source code for bundle module
* **cmake** Configuration for cmake build
* **docker** Configuration files for container used to build 
* **img** Images files for documentations
* **infra** Container orchestration for tests environment
* **integration_test** Source code for automated test
* **internal** Souce code for internal module
* **protos** Source code for gRPC protos
* **spiffeid** Sour code for spiffeid module
* **spiffetls** Source code for spiffetls module
* **svid** Source code for SVID module
* **utils** Source code for utility functions
* **workload** Source code for workload

### Remarkable files

* [CMakeList.txt](CMakeLists.txt) Main build configuration file. Each source folder also has its own CMake file.
* [README.md](README.md) This README.
* [LICENSE](LICENSE) Project license
* [BUILDING.md](BUILDING.md) Instructions how to build c-spiffe in your system

> * [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md) Guide how to contribute c-spiffe project

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md) Guide on how to contribute c-spiffe project
```

## Introduction

> [SPIFFE](https://spiffe.io/) stands for Security Identity Framework for Everyone and is a set for securely identifying system in dynamic and heteregeneous environment. Please refer to https://spiffe.io/docs/latest/spiffe-about/overview/ for more information.  

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[SPIFFE](https://spiffe.io/) stands for Security Identity Framework for Everyone and is a set for securely identifying system in dynamic and heterogeneous environment. Please refer to https://spiffe.io/docs/latest/spiffe-about/overview/ for more information.  
```

## Examples
 
 Refer to [workload/src/Example.MD](workload/src/EXAMPLE.md) for in-depth examples.

## Project structure

### Folders
The project folder structure is described as follows:

* **bundle** Source code for bundle module
* **cmake** Configuration for cmake build
* **docker** Configuration files for container used to build 
* **img** Images files for documentations
* **infra** Container orchestration for tests environment
* **integration_test** Source code for automated test
* **internal** Souce code for internal module
* **protos** Source code for gRPC protos
* **spiffeid** Sour code for spiffeid module
* **spiffetls** Source code for spiffetls module
* **svid** Source code for SVID module
* **utils** Source code for utility functions
* **workload** Source code for workload

### Remarkable files

* [CMakeList.txt](CMakeLists.txt) Main build configuration file. Each source folder also has its own CMake file.
* [README.md](README.md) This README.
* [LICENSE](LICENSE) Project license

> * [BUILDING.md](BUILDING.md) Instructions how to build c-spiffe in your system

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* [BUILDING.md](BUILDING.md) Instructions on how to build c-spiffe in your system
```

## Introduction

[SPIFFE](https://spiffe.io/) stands for Security Identity Framework for Everyone and is a set for securely identifying system in dynamic and heteregeneous environment. Please refer to https://spiffe.io/docs/latest/spiffe-about/overview/ for more information.  
C-spiffe is an extension for Spiffe that allows any [workload](https://spiffe.io/docs/latest/spiffe-about/spiffe-concepts/#workload) written C, C++ or  any language that supports loading a .so library, access [Workload API](https://spiffe.io/docs/latest/spiffe-about/spiffe-concepts/#spiffe-workload-api) and establish a mTLS connection with other workloads.  
The image above shows an example, where a C/C++ Workload imports the c-spiffe library in order to fetch a [SVID](https://spiffe.io/docs/latest/spiffe-about/spiffe-concepts/#spiffe-verifiable-identity-document-svid) and use it to establish a mTLS connection with another Workload, which can be implemented in another language, provided it follows the SPIFFE standard.

![Alt text](img/cspiffe_example.png "C-spiffe usage example")

### Motivation

> Even though there is an official [c-spiffe](https://github.com/spiffe/c-spiffe) library, we started this one from scratch. We wanted a C implementation (not C++) for better compatibility, and also we based all the design decisions on [go-spiffe](https://github.com/spiffe/c-spiffe), which is the offical supported extension by the Spiffe Community.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Even though there is an official [c-spiffe](https://github.com/spiffe/c-spiffe) library, we started this one from scratch. We wanted a C implementation (not C++) for better compatibility. We also based most of the design decisions on [go-spiffe](https://github.com/spiffe/c-spiffe), which is the official supported extension by the Spiffe Community.
```
